So now did we got our basic attack handler.
Let's also make sure we can do a strong attack.
We can perform a strong attack here by clicking the strong attack button.
Now for that and the vendor jazz file we find that strong attack button constant which in the end gives
us access to that strong attack button in our H2 Tamala code and therefore of course snapshots.
We can add an event listener where we again listen to a click even on that button.
But now I want to execute a different handler a different function of course a function which deals
more damage to the monster.
So for that I'll add a brand new function here.
The strong attack handler sounds like a sensible name.
And let's connect dad to the event listener.
Just as we connect it the attack handler and in there I generally of course want to do the same as I
do here.
So I will copy it over though as you already know by that point already when you copy code you most
of the time can avoid it and write more elegant code instead.
So I will copy it for now but this will not be the final code instead especially with if statements
we can write this in a more reusable way.
Nonetheless let's start like this strong attack handler.
Let's go up there and define a strong attack values.
So did we have some some value which can change in one central place up here in this constant which
is our maximum strong damage to the stout and maybe let's go for 17 year.
Again you can play around with these values.
So the strong attack value is now of course what I use in the strong attack handler here when we deal
damage to the monster dad damage to monster deals to US stays the same.
So the monster only has one damage it can deal to us one maximum damage and the win condition check
here of course all the stays the same.
So now with that that should already be all if we now reload we can press strong attack and as you see
the monster health declines but player health a bit more really close.
Yeah we might be winning.
We won so a close finish.
We won and that works.
And right now of course we don't reset the game thereafter after so we can continue clicking these buttons
which is kind of redundant.
We'll take care about this later.
And we're also not taking care about our bonus life in case we're losing.
That's also something we'll take care about later.
For now let's focus on the strong attack handler which does its job.
But as I mentioned lots of code duplication here which is never a good sign.
So how could we minimize that.
How could we reuse some code for that.
Let's simply analyze which code is equal.
And well that's a quick analysis.
All the code is equal the only thing that really differs is the maximum damage value we're passing to
deal monster damage.
So that's really a redundant extra function we have here.
Well to reduce the code duplication let's add a brand new function
which we maybe just name attack monster because that's what we'll do.
I don't add handler at the end because this will not be attached directly to any event handler.
Instead attack monster should be a function which I want to call directly from inside attack handler
and from inside strong attack handler.
And I want to pass a parameter to this attack monster function that identifies the attack mode.
If you want to call it like this.
So of course you can give this parameter any name you want.
I just go with mode here.
But the name is totally up to you.
And in here we can then check the mode and the if condition and let's say the mode is a string.
You could alternatively also go with numbers and say 0 is the normal attack one this strong attack here
since it's easier to read.
I'll go with the string value in check if mode is equal to attack if that's the case then I want to
do my normal attack and calculate the value based on that.
Otherwise I will go with the strong attack.
So in the end what I want to do here is I want to create a variable which I'll name Max damage which
initially is empty.
And if the mode is attacked I'll set max damage equal to attack value.
Otherwise I'll set max damage equal to strong attack value.
And of course here I can use else because I will call attack monster from these two functions and either
pass in mode which is a string of attack or a passing know mode or some other string.
And then this will automatically treat this as a strong attack.
You could of course Justice before with the calculator and the division also be more specific and check
of mode is equal to strong attack and simply do nothing if the mode is neither of the two values.
So either of the two code snippets or approaches will work just what they do if you pass an invalid
mode is different.
You can either always perform a strong attack or as with this case here only perform a strong attack
if the mode is really set to strong attack.
Now why am I doing this why do I create that max damage variable which is then set to different values
here.
Because now we can actually grab this entire code here from attack handler and move it below it as if
statement and now simply pass max damage here to deal monster damage because now the max damage is dynamic
and it's dynamically set here based on the mode we receive as a parameter here in attack monster and
all the other code is always the same which makes sense I guess.
So now we just have to call attack monster from inside the attack handler and since DSD function gets
executed when we clicked a normal attack button here as a value for mode I want to in the end set my
max damage to the attack value all day for passive mode of attack in there.
So I is simply forward attack here and now we can call the same function from inside the strong attack
handler and forward strong attack pass in strong attack as a value for mode now in case you're wondering
why we're not directly setting attack monster here on the event listeners.
We could almost do that but keep in mind that here we can specify the value for the parameters we're
passing in so this mode parameter which we expect here when we attach a function to event listener we
can specified as actually we can.
But we have learned it yet.
So for now let's take this extra step of doing it in our handler functions.
Now the handler functions are very lean.
They execute the same function with different data which is passed in and in that function we then take
that different data use it if statement and therefore change to one piece of logic that does differ
for both buttons.
So now if we save that and we reload I can launch normal attacks or strong attacks against a monster
in both works ask before.
Now here we have a draw actually.
Good to see that.
And we do this in an elegant way by reusing code with the help of a if statement.